{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid14}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12760\viewh10740\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Endless Swimmer Game Maker:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
This Product contains the following components:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. Endless Swimmer Game Maker vector source files compatible with Illustrator CS6+\
2. All assets exported as pngs for use as game sprites\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Fonts Used: 
\i\b0 The following free fonts which were used in the preview of this product can be downloaded using the following links:\

\i0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b Passion One: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/passion-one"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/passion-one}}
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How to Use the Vector File:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Open the vector file (endless_swimmer_game_maker.ai)\
{\listtext	\'95	}In the vector file, you will find a mockup art-board, which shows everything included in this product, all on separate layers for ease of use. \
{\listtext	\'95	}Additionally, if you scroll above the mockup art-board, you will find many other art-boards which can be used to export the individual objects/sprites found in the file(see below on how to use art-boards).
\b \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 {\listtext	\'95	}Everything on the smaller art-boards can be found on the layer called \'93export layer\'94, to make re-exporting easy if you would like to make changes to any of the included artwork.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 All the other artwork in the mockup can be found in either the layers \'93UI\'94 or \'93game art\'94, which each contain many other sublayers that you can turn on depending on what you\'92d like to see in the mockup\
\ls2\ilvl0
\b {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 most objects seen in the mockup, as well as all of the objects seen in on the export layer, have been made into symbols (see below on how to use symbols).\
{\listtext	\'95	}All the symbols in the file can be found in the symbols window for your convienience.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to use art boards:
\b0 \

\i\b Please note:
\b0  that there is a limit of 100 art- boards in any illustrator file. Because of this, you might notice that there are a few objects in the export layer which have not been placed on an art-board. If you need to re-export these or any other object from the file, you will need to delete some of the other art-boards from this file, or simply export them from a new file.
\i0 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}how to create a new art-board: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An art-board can be created by typing shift + O, and then dragging the cursor across any area in the file until the dartboard reaches the desired size and shape.
\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
how to create a new art-board from an object: 
\b0 An art-board can be created by typing shift + O, and then using the cursor to selecting the object you want to export. This will create an art-board at the minimum size necessary to export the object you used to create the art-board.
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to delete an art-board: 
\b0 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Type shift + O to enter art-board mode. Then use the cursor to click on the small grey x at the top right corner of the art-board you want to delete, and click it.\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to change an art-board\'92s size: 
\b0 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Type shift + O to enter art-board mode. Move the cursor to the edge of the dartboard and click and drag to resize. Hold shift to re-size proportionally.\
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
how to export from one art board at a time: 
\b0 Select any object on the art-board you would like to export from (you do not need to enter art-board mode). Go to file> save for web to save.\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to export all art-boards at once: 
\b0 Go to file> export. When the dialog opens, click the \'93use art-boards\'94 box at the bottom of the dialog. Then, select the range of art-boards you would like to export, and click the export button. This will allow you to export everything in your file to the folder of your choice all at once, as long as each item is on it\'92s own art-board.
\b \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 troubleshooting art-boards: 
\b0 in order to achieve the best pixel perfect results when exporting, make sure that art-boards dimensions are even numbers, and that art-board x and y values are even.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\b how to use symbols:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Please note:
\b0  many objects in the file have been made into symbols. This is done to reduce the file size, and ensure that any changes made to an object (such as a character) are made to all instances of that object in the file. See the explanation below to learn how to change, or unsymbolized symbols if you do not want to use the file in this way.
\i0 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to edit a symbol: 
\b0 to edit a symbol, all you have to do is double click on it. You will now be in symbol editing mode and you can change the symbol just as you would any regular vector object or group. Once you are done, double click away from the object or click the arrow at the top right of the modal in order to exit symbol editing mode and return to your file. You will now see that any other instances of the symbol you\'92ve edited have automatically updated.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to make a new symbol: 
\b0 to make a new symbol, select the object or group of your choice and in the symbols menu, click the \'93new symbol\'94 icon at the bottom of the symbols menu, name your symbol and click okay to save it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 how to un-symbolize a symbol: 
\b0 on the drawing area, select the symbol you would like to un-symbolize and \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 in the symbols menu, click the \'93break link\'94 icon at the bottom of the symbols menu. That\'92s it!
\b \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\ls9\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}how to replace a symbol with another symbol: 
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
on the drawing area, select the symbol you would like to replace, and then in the symbols menu, select the symbol you would like to replace it with, and then go to the menu icon in the upper right hand corner, and select \'93replace symbol\'94.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b How to use and customize graphic styles used in this product:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 How to Install Graphic styles:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Copy file to the folder:  User HD\\Library\\ Application Support\\ Adobe\\ Adobe illustrator\\Graphic Styles\
{\listtext	2.	}Open the appearance panel by going to Window/Graphic Styles.\
{\listtext	3.	}You can now access any of these files for use in Adobe Illustrator, by going to the top right corner of the Graphic Styles Panel, and scrolling down to Open Graphic Styles Library, then \'94user defined\'94, where you will find the graphic styles you just installed.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 How to apply Graphic Styles:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}
\b0 Follow the steps above to open the "paradise_lagoon-Graphic-Styles.ai" graphic styles.\
{\listtext	2.	}Create a text field, or shape which you would like to apply the graphic styles to.\
{\listtext	3.	}With the text field or shape you've just created selected, click on the Graphic style that you would like to apply to it. This will apply the graphic style to your text field or shape.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Getting started:\
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl1
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Open the appearance panel by going to Window/Appearance\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You will now see the entire graphic style organized as layers within the appearance panel. These layers will be made up of fills, strokes, any of which may also may have additional effects applied to them.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}any of these Layers can be turned off and on by clicking the associated eye icon to the left of it..\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}any of the strokes and fills can have their colors changed by the usual methods as long as they are selected within the appearance panel (must be selected one at at time to change)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}effects applied to a stroke or fill can be turned on or off by clicking the eye icon to the left of it.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Clicking on an effect applied to any stroke or fill in the appearance panel will take you to a pop-up in which that particular instance of the effect can be edited.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Additional effects can be be added to any graphic style or a specific fill or stroke within it by selecting the fill, stroke or graphic style in question and clicking the "add new effect" icon at the bottom of the graphic styles panel, and selecting an effect from the drop down list.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}stroke weights can be changed on any stroke within an appearance from directly within the appearance panel, or with the stroke selected in the appearance panel and from within the stroke panel.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}transparency can be changed for any fill or stroke within an appearance, by clicking the arrow to the left of the fill or stroke to expand the information for that fill or stroke, and then clicking on opacity to enter the transparency options for that items.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}To change the scale of a graphic style: 
\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Apply the smallest size style in question to a piece of text on which it appears correctly scaled.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}open the scale options window, and be sure to check the "scale Strokes and Effects", "Transform Objects", and "Transform Patterns"\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You may then scale the Text or shape question down manually or from within the scale options window, and you will see that the graphic style has also been scaled.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If you wish you may now save this new graphic style to the graphic styles library in your current document, by clicking the "new Graphic Style" icon at the bottom of the graphic styles panel.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}
\b To change the colors used in a graphic style:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl1
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Select a text style or shape which has the graphic style you'd like to change applied to it.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Go to Edit/Edit Color/Recolor Artwork\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Use the Recolor artwork panel to assign new colors to replace each color you want to change in the graphic style in question.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}
\b Saving your customized Graphic styles:
\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If you wish you may now save this new graphic style to the graphic styles library in your current document, by clicking the "new Graphic Style" icon at the bottom of the graphic styles panel.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}You will then be shown a prompt to name the graphic style.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Once you name the graphic style, your style will be saved within your document, and you can apply it to any shape or text field, just like the graphic styles in this pack.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}
\b Using Warp Effects:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl1
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b How to remove an existing warp effect:
\b0  Some of the graphic styles in this kit have warp effects applied to them, that change the shape of the text. To remove a warp effect, go to the appearance panel and find the warp effect which will say something like \'93warp: arch\'94 and then click on the trashcan icon in the appearance panel.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b how to add a warp effect:
\b0  to add a warp effect to a text style, select a text object or other object, and then in the appearance panel, go to the \'93fx\'94 drop down, and choose warp, and then the warp effect of your choice (you can always change it later). Experiment with the bend, horizontal and vertical settings until you get the look you desire.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}
\b how alter a warp effect:
\b0  Click on the warp effect in the appearance of an object. in the warp options pop up, you can now change the selected style to any of the other warp styles, or change the \'93bend\'94 \'93horizontal\'94, or \'93vertical\'94 settings until you achieve the desired look. When done, you can now select \'93done\'94 at the top left of the window, and your changes to the pattern will now be saved. To save it as a copy (keeping the original pattern the same) select \'93save a copy\'94 instead.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Help:
\i\b0  \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Contact Me at melissa@melissapohl.com if you have any questions about these files and there use.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Understanding how the appearance panel, and graphic styles work is essential to using these graphic styles to their fullest potential. Google "Graphic styles Tutorial", or "Appearance Panel Illustrator Tutorial" to find great tutorials to further familiarize yourself with the appearance panel, and learn the tools I used to create these graphic styles.\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}